PREVIOUSLY ON...
LYNETTE FOUND
THAT DATING TOM'S BOSS...
IF I ASKED YOU TO HAVE TOM
WORK A FEW NIGHTS THIS WEEK,
YOU'D DO IT?
YOU JUST SAY THE WORD.
HAD ITS ADVANTAGES.
I'M SENDING TOM TO MUMBAI
FOR A YEAR.
JULIE MADE A BIG DECISION
ABOUT HER BABY.
I'M GONNA KEEP HER.
AND THE BABY'S FATHER
MADE A COMMITMENT.
I'LL GET A JOB.
I'LL TAKE--I'LL TAKE CLASSES.
I'LL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES.
CARLOS.
CARLOS AND GABY ARGUED...
I AM NOT GONNA LET BREE
TAKE THE FALL FOR A CRIME
I COMMITTED.
AFTER BREE WAS ARRESTED
FOR MURDER.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE TIMES
WHERE THE BEST THINGS YOU CAN DO
IS DO NOTHING.
BUT BREE'S ATTORNEY
WAS CONFIDENT...
DID YOU, UH, HAVE SOME
NEW THOUGHTS ON THE CASE?
WHY DON'T WE DISCUSS THEM
OVER DINNER?
AS WELL AS CONVINCING.
(Mary Alice) SINCE
BREE VAN DE KAMP WAS ARRESTED,
SHE HAD EXPERIENCED
A WIDE RANGE OF EMOTIONS.
ONE MOMENT, SHE FELT AFRAID.
THE NEXT, SHE WAS ANGRY.
AND THROUGH IT ALL,
SHE FELT ASHAMED.
BUT NOW THAT HER TRIAL
WAS APPROACHING,
SHE WAS BEGINNING TO FEEL...
A LITTLE RATTLED.
BREE, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH. JUST ALL THIS
WITNESS PREPARATION
IS MAKING ME NERVOUS.
GABY'S BEEN IN THERE
FOR AGES.
TRIP'S VERY THOROUGH.
HE JUST WANTS TO MAKE SURE
WE'RE ALL READY.
(sighs)
THERE YOU ARE.
THAT TOOK A WHILE.
NO KIDDING.
I HAVEN'T BEEN GRILLED LIKE THAT
SINCE CARLOS GOT
MY LAST CREDIT CARD BILL.
WELL, AS ALIBI WITNESSES,
YOU'RE GONNA BE ASKED ABOUT
EVERY DETAIL OF THE NIGHT
THAT RAMON DISAPPEARED.
AND WE CAN'T AFFORD
ANY SLIP-UPS.
SO... HOW MANY DINNER GUESTS
WERE THERE THAT NIGHT?
14.
WHAT COLOR DRESS
WAS BREE WEARING?
RED.
WHAT SAUCE DID SHE SERVE
WITH THE CHICKEN?
OH. I GOT THIS.
BARBECUE?
GABY, OF ALL THE THINGS
I'VE BEEN ACCUSED OF,
THE IDEA THAT I WOULD
SERVE BARBECUE SAUCE
AT A DINNER PARTY!
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
THAT SOUNDS WAY WORSE THAN
SAYING YOU KILLED ALEJANDRO.
WAIT. UH... WHO'S ALEJANDRO?
UH, MY GARDENER.
I'M ALWAYS GETTING...
MY MEXICANS CONFUSED...
WHICH I'M ALLOWED TO DO,
BECAUSE I'M MEXICAN.
I GOTTA RUN. YOU, UH,
YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT?
OF COURSE.
WITH YOU IN MY CORNER,
HOW CAN I NOT BE?
(door opens and closes)
OKAY. WHAT WAS THAT
LITTLE PROM PHOTO MOMENT
WITH THE HANDS?
WE WARNED YOU ABOUT THIS.
YOU'RE STILL GOING AFTER HIM,
AREN'T YOU?
OF COURSE NOT. I AM TOTALLY
FOCUSED ON THE CASE,
AND SO IS HE.
OKAY, FINE.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
HE IS THE MOST INTELLIGENT,
CARING, CHARMING MAN
I HAVE MET IN AGES.
(vehicle approaches,
brakes squeal)
AND BY THE WAY, IT ISN'T
EXACTLY A ONE-WAY STREET.
HE'S BEEN SHOWING QUITE A BIT
OF INTERESTING IN ME, TOO.
(vehicle door opens)
UM, BREE--
AND BESIDES, IF I REJECT HIM,
HE MIGHT BE TOO HUMILIATED
TO DO A GOOD JOB
ON MY CASE.
YEAH?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
HE'S GONNA BOUNCE BACK.
YES, AFTER BREE VAN DE KAMP
WAS ARRESTED,
SHE FELT A RANGE OF EMOTIONS.
BUT THE ONE THING
SHE DIDN'T EXPECT TO FEEL...
WAS JEALOUSY.
AT
THE FAIRVIEW CHILDBIRTH CENTER,
THERE ARE CERTAIN CONVERSATIONS
YOU EXPECT TO HEAR...
DISCUSSIONS ABOUT THE MAGIC
OF A CHANGING BODY...
LOOK AT ME. I'M A COW.
THE BEAUTY
OF NATURAL CHILDBIRTH.
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
I'M GETTING THE DRUGS.
OR THE IMPORTANCE
OF HEALTHY NUTRITION.
TAKE A CHIP, LOSE A HAND.
BUT JULIE MEYER FOUND HERSELF
HAVING A CONVERSATION...
I CAN'T BELIEVE BREE'S
ON TRIAL FOR MURDER.
I MEAN, COME ON.
KILLERS DON'T WEAR APRONS.
THAT WAS RATHER UNEXPECTED.
I KNOW. IT SUCKS.
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE SUCKS?
SOMEBODY TRYING TO RELAX YOU
BY TALKING ABOUT A MURDER.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
SO WHAT WOULD BE A GOOD THING
FOR YOU TO VISUALIZE
THAT MIGHT HELP RELAX YOU?
ME PUNCHING PORTER IN THE FACE
FOR BEING LATE.
OKAY. FORGET VISUALIZATION.
HOW ABOUT WE TRY
SOME OF THAT BREATHING STUFF
AGAIN?
UGH. NO.
I HATE THAT "HEE-HEE-HEE."
FEELS STUPID.
I KNOW. BUT IT WORKS.
RELAXES YOU WHEN YOU START
TO GET STRESSED OUT.
OKAY, NICE JOB, EVERYONE.
WE'RE GONNA SHOW
THE BIRTHING DVD NOW.
JULIE, SORRY, SORRY, SORRY.
I HAD TO CLEAN OUT THE FRYER
BEFORE I COULD LEAVE.
NO WORRIES. PLUS YOU SMELL
LIKE FRENCH FRIES.
I LOVE FRENCH FRIES.
(man) IT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT
TO GO THROUGH...
YOU MISSED, LIKE,
THE WHOLE CLASS.
SHE DID GREAT. LET ME TELL YOU,
THIS GIRL CAN VISUALIZE.
I PLANNED ON GETTING OUT EARLY,
BUT A SHIFT OPENED UP,
AND I HAD TO TAKE IT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
I WANT YOU TO SAY
THAT YOU'LL BE ON TIME
FOR ONE THING WE DO AS WE GET
READY TO HAVE THIS BABY.
"HEE-HEE-HEE-HEE."
IT'S NOT FUNNY,
MRS. DELFINO.
LOOK. I SAID I'M SORRY.
THE POINT IS, I'M HERE NOW,
AND I'M 100% FOCUSED
AND READY TO HELP.
JUST STAY CALM.
...THE CROWNING BEGINS,
AND THE HEAD OF THE BABY
BECOMES VISIBLE.
AAH!
(thud)
HELLO. THIS IS BREE VAN DE KAMP.
MAY I PLEASE SPEAK WITH TRIP?
OH. WAS HE HAVING LUNCH ALONE?
OH, RIGHT. THE BLONDE WOMAN
WITH THE CONVERTIBLE.
I SEE. RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
(beep)
(sighs)
OKAY, I KNOW THERE'S BEEN
A LOT OF TALK
ABOUT WHAT YOU SHOULD WEAR
TO THE TRIAL,
SO I'VE SELECTED A FEW OUTFITS
THAT JUST SCREAM "ACQUITTAL."
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
BLACK AND WHITE STRIPES?
OH, GOOD POINT. DON'T NEED TO
PUT AN IDEA IN THE JURY'S MIND.
HOW ABOUT RUFFLES?
I READ SOMEWHERE
THAT NO ONE HAS EVER BEEN
CONVICTED WHILE WEARING RUFFLES.
WELL--
OKAY. YOU'RE RIGHT.
THERE'S ALWAYS A FIRST TIME.
TO HELL WITH RUFFLES.
HOW ABOUT THIS ONE?
IT'S LOVELY, BUT I AM
BEING ACCUSED OF SLEEPING
WITH A TOTAL STRANGER
AND KILLING HIM.
AND RED IS THE COLOR
OF BLOOD AND WHORES. GOT IT.
DON'T WORRY.
WE'LL FIND SOMETHING ELSE.
BREE, SOMETHING WRONG?
APART FROM ME STANDING TRIAL
FOR MURDER IN THREE DAYS, NO.
LIFE IS GOOD.
RELAX. IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
AND REMEMBER,
YOU'RE ACTUALLY INNOCENT.
JURIES CAN SENSE
THINGS LIKE THAT.
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
OF COURSE I AM.
AND TRIP'S
A BRILLIANT LAWYER.
HE'S GONNA GET YOU OFF
IN NO TIME.
I'M JUST WORRIED THAT HE'S BEEN
A LITTLE DISTRACTED LATELY.
HE SEEMS FINE TO ME.
I HAVE SOME OTHER DRESSES
IN THE BACK.
LET ME BRING 'EM OUT
FOR YOU.
IT'S GONNA TURN OUT FINE,
BREE.
HONESTLY, I'M NOT WORRIED
AT ALL.
INDIA?
NOT INDIA.
HE SAID HE'S GOING TO MUMBAI.
THAT'S IN INDIA,
YOU IDIOT.
(Penny) HOW LONG
ARE YOU GONNA BE GONE?
A YEAR.
WHAT? DAD, YOU'RE GONNA MISS
MY EIGHTH GRADE GRADUATION.
IT WON'T BE SO BAD.
WE CAN SEND HIM PICTURES.
WE CAN SKYPE.
SO HE'S SUPPOSED TO TEACH ME
TO DRIVE OVER THE COMPUTER?
AND HE'S GONNA MISS
THE BIRTH OF MY BABY.
I AM SORRY, GUYS.
LOOK, I TALKED TO MY BOSS.
HE'S NOT CHANGING HIS MIND.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO.
BESIDES, IT'S--
IT'S JUST FOR A YEAR.
IT'LL GO BY LIKE THAT.
DADDY, NO!
I DON'T WANT YOU TO GO.
(Tom) I KNOW.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, BABY.
(sighs)
(crying)
GUYS, COULD I HAVE A MINUTE
ALONE WITH YOUR DAD?
YEAH, SURE.
(chuckles)
GUYS, IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
WE'RE GONNA GET THROUGH THIS!
(lowered voice) I DON'T KNOW HOW
WE'RE GONNA GET THROUGH THIS.
SO HOW DID JANE
TAKE THE NEWS?
UM, TIMING
COULD'VE BEEN BETTER.
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY
IN A GOOD PLACE RIGHT NOW.
WELL, MAYBE SOME TIME APART
WILL DO YOU GOOD.
(clatter)
HMM. MAYBE.
IT'S GONNA BE...
REALLY WEIRD
BEING SO FAR AWAY.
I KNOW. IT'S GONNA BE
SO HARD ON THE KIDS.
ACTUALLY, I WAS TALKING
ABOUT YOU.
I DON'T THINK
WE'VE EVER BEEN APART
FOR MORE THAN A MONTH.
WHO'S GONNA TELL ME
WHAT TO DO?
WHAT TO THINK?
HMM. WHETHER YOUR SHOES
ARE ON THE RIGHT FEET.
EXACTLY.
I'M REALLY GONNA MISS YOU.
I'M...
(sighs)
SO SORRY.
WHY?
THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
(sighs)
(gasps) HELLO.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR TRIP?
YES.
WELL, HE'S MEETING
WITH THE JUDGE ON MY CASE.
I'LL WAIT FOR HIM.
SO HOW EXACTLY
DO YOU KNOW TRIP?
HE... HIRES ME
FROM TIME TO TIME.
AND WHAT IS THE NATURE
OF YOUR WORK?
I REALLY CAN'T SAY.
DISCRETION'S AN IMPORTANT
PART OF MY JOB.
OH. I SEE.
WELL, PART OF YOUR DISCRETION
IS FALLING
OUT OF YOUR BLOUSE.
EXCUSE ME?
LOOK, THIS IS MR. WESTON'S
PLACE OF BUSINESS.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD MEET HIM
IN YOUR PLACE OF BUSINESS--
PERHAPS A SEEDY MOTEL ROOM
OR A STREET CORNER.
ARE YOU CALLING ME A HOOKER?
WELL, IF THE PUSH-UP BRA FITS,
OR IN YOUR CASE, DOESN'T...
THAT'S IT.
SCREW YOU, LADY.
TELL TRIP
I'M OFF HIS CASE.
LINDSAY. LINDSAY.
TRIP?
WHAT THE HELL?
UH, SHE WANTED ME TO TELL YOU
THAT SHE'S OFF THE CASE.
WHAT WAS SHE DOING
ON THE CASE?
SHE'S A PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR
WHO WAS WORKING ON
A REALLY BIG LEAD FOR US.
WH-WHY DID SHE QUIT?
NO IDEA.
(sighs) I'D BETTER GO
TALK TO HER.
NO! I MEAN, YOU KNOW HOW CAREFUL
YOU HAVE TO BE WITH SOME WOMEN.
THEY CAN MISINTERPRET
THE LITTLEST THINGS.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK,
MAID OF HONOR?
(gulps) NICE. (clears throat)
YOU DO REALIZE YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO WEAR THIS... IN PUBLIC?
YOU GOT A PROBLEM
WITH IT?
NO. IT'S JUST... THE PURPLE
IS SUCH A... BOLD CHOICE.
AREN'T YOU AFRAID IT'S GONNA
PULL FOCUS FROM THE BRIDE?
AND THE SKY AND THE EARTH?
(sighs) LEE,
LOOK AT MY WEDDING DRESS.
ALL OF THIS WEARING
ALL OF THAT--
SANTA CLAUS IN A THONG
RIDING A UNICORN
WOULD NOT BE ABLE
TO PULL FOCUS FROM ME.
LYNETTE, YOU OKAY?
YOU SEEM A LITTLE...
DISTRACTED.
I THINK SHE'S STILL
IN SHOCK.
NO, IT'S JUST...
THIS WHOLE THING WITH TOM.
OH, LYNETTE,
IT'S GONNA BE FINE.
MY DAD TRAVELED ALL THE TIME.
MY SIBLINGS AND I ADJUSTED.
YEAH, BUT HE SAID
HE WAS GONNA MISS ME.
REALLY? SUDDENLY I'M INTERESTED.
THAT'S GREAT.
AND IT WAS THE WAY HE SAID IT,
TOO, LIKE...
HE'D BEEN KIND OF MISSING ME
ALREADY.
WELL,
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
(laughs) I DON'T KNOW.
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN LET HIM
GET ON THAT PLANE TO MUMBAI.
OR EAT THESE IF YOU'RE
GOING TO FIT IN THAT DRESS.
(crunches)
(birds chirping)
LINDSAY! HI.
I THINK WE GOT OFF
ON THE WRONG FOOT EARLIER.
(lowered voice) KEEP WALKING.
I SUPPOSE I DESERVE THAT,
BUT IF I COULD JUST HAVE A--
AAH!
I'M ON SURVEILLANCE!
STAY DOWN.
OOH, HOW EXCITING.
WHAT ARE WE SURVEILLING?
(groans) WELL, NOTHING NOW.
I'VE BEEN WAITING SIX WEEKS
FOR THAT CHEATING BASTARD
TO LEAVE HIS CURTAINS OPEN.
I'M SORRY.
(sighs) TRIP TOLD ME
WHERE TO FIND YOU,
BECAUSE I WANTED TO APOLOGIZE
FOR MY UNKIND WORDS.
YOU WERE MERELY DOING YOUR JOB,
AND I WAS VERY RUDE.
WELL, YOU WERE MORE
THAN RUDE.
YES, I WAS ALSO OFF-COLOR.
I NEVER SHOULD HAVE...
IMPLIED YOU'RE A HOOKER
OR INSULTED YOUR BOSOMS.
THEY'RE LOVELY.
NO.
(zips bag)
NOT THAT. (sighs)
YOU LIKE HIM.
YOU THOUGHT I WAS
SLEEPING WITH HIM,
AND YOU GOT JEALOUS.
I'M NOT JEALOUS
OF YOU AND TRIP.
IS THERE A "YOU AND TRIP"?
OH, GOD, NO.
HE'S, LIKE, 100.
LOOK, I'LL COME BACK
TO YOUR CASE,
AND I'LL GIVE YOU A FREE PASS
ON THE CRAZY JEALOUSY.
IT'S NOT ALL YOUR FAULT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
TRIP'S A GOOD LAWYER.
HE LISTENS CAREFULLY.
HE TELLS YOU
HE'LL PROTECT YOU.
FEMALE CLIENTS ARE ALWAYS
GETTING THE WRONG IDEA.
(sighs)
WELL, THAT MIGHT BE THE WAY
IT NORMALLY GOES,
BUT I HAPPEN TO BELIEVE
THERE REALLY IS SOMETHING
BETWEEN TRIP AND ME.
SORRY, BUT I KNOW HIM.
HE'S ALL ABOUT THE JOB.
HE'S INTO YOUR CASE,
NOT YOU.
PORTER IS GOING TO BE FINE.
TRUST ME.
OH, SURE.
HE'LL JUST WEAR A HELMET
SO HE DOESN'T
CRACK HIS HEAD OPEN
WHEN HIS HEAD HITS
THE DELIVERY ROOM FLOOR.
BABY, I'M TELLING YOU,
WHEN THE MAN GETS IN THERE
WITH YOU, IT JUST CLICKS.
THEY SEE
THE BLOOD AND STUFF,
AND IT STARTS TO SEEM
LIKE A VIDEO GAME TO THEM.
I'M GETTING A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
MIKE ALMOST PASSED OUT
WHEN HE SAW THAT VIDEO.
AND HE WAS A LITTLE SHAKY
IN THE DELIVERY ROOM, TOO.
BUT ONCE M.J. WAS BORN,
HE WAS MY ROCK.
M.J. TOOK HIS FIRST STEP
RIGHT THERE.
WE WERE SO EXCITED.
THEN HE TOOK HIS SECOND STEP
RIGHT THERE.
FELL RIGHT ON HIS FACE.
HE WAS... BLEEDING AND...
I WAS A MESS.
AND MIKE KNEW EXACTLY
WHAT TO DO.
HE ALWAYS DID.
OH, MOM.
(sighs) I'M OKAY.
JUST SO MANY MEMORIES
OF HIM HERE.
ANYWAY... (chuckles)
THE POINT IS...
(sniffles)
YOU SHOULDN'T WORRY
ABOUT PORTER.
I JUST...
I THINK THAT HE'S NOT
INTO THIS ANYMORE.
THAT HE'S LOSING INTEREST
IN BEING A DAD.
HE WAS LATE FOR CLASS
BECAUSE OF WORK.
YOU GOTTA CUT HIM
SOME SLACK.
IT'S NOT JUST THAT.
HE'S MISSED
SOME DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENTS,
AND HE MISSED THE TOUR
OF THE BIRTHING ROOM
AT THE HOSPITAL.
WE HAD A DEAL.
HE WAS SUPPOSED
TO HELP RAISE THE BABY
SO THAT I COULD FINISH SCHOOL.
BUT NOW I'M AFRAID THAT
IT'S ALL FALLING APART.
THAT WAS DELICIOUS.
I'M GLAD YOU LIKED IT.
(clears throat) MORE WINE?
(sighs) LYNETTE,
IT'S OUR THIRD DATE.
I'M PRETTY MUCH
A SURE THING.
(chuckles)
SOMETHING WRONG?
YOU'RE ACTING A LITTLE WEIRD.
YEAH, THERE'S...
(bottle clatters)
I HAVE A LITTLE FAVOR
TO ASK YOU.
PLEASE, DON'T SEND TOM
TO MUMBAI.
YOU HAVE A VERY ODD
SENSE OF FOREPLAY.
I KNOW. IT'S JUST...
THE KIDS ARE UPSET,
AND TOM IS A WRECK,
AND I DON'T THINK
I CAN GO THROUGH WITH IT.
OKAY.
REALLY?
YEAH. I DIDN'T WANT HIM TO GO.
I WAS JUST DOING IT FOR YOU.
I'LL SEND McGUINNESS
INSTEAD.
THAT SON OF A BITCH
HAD THE NERVE
TO BEAT ME IN TENNIS
LAST WEEK.
OH. THANK YOU.
I AM SO GRATEFUL.
WELL...
I CAN THINK OF ONE WAY
THAT YOU CAN SHOW
YOUR GRATITUDE.
MM.
WHOA.
UM, MAYBE YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO NEEDS ANOTHER GLASS OF WINE.
(glass clatters)
GREGG. NO.
OKAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I JUST... I'M NOT READY
FOR THAT STEP,
AND I DON'T KNOW
THAT I EVER WILL BE.
EVER?
I'M SORRY.
THERE'S... SOMEONE ELSE.
YOU JUST REALIZED THAT?
NO. NO, I JUST REALIZED
HOW MUCH I WANT IT TO WORK.
SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU USE ME TO GET BACK
AT YOUR EX,
AND NOW YOU'RE DUMPING ME
FOR SOME OTHER GUY?
THAT'S UNBELIEVABLE!
UNBELIEVABLE.
(door opens)
(door slams)
(teakettle whistles)
(man on TV) AND IN LOCAL NEWS,
THE TRIAL OF BREE VAN DE KAMP
IS SET TO BEGIN TOMORROW.
VAN DE KAMP IS ACCUSED
OF KILLING RAMON SANCHEZ,
WHOSE BODY WAS DISCOVERED
BENEATH
A CONDOMINIUM DEVELOPMENT
IN CHAPMAN WOODS.
HEY. COULDN'T SLEEP?
HEY. NO.
HUH.
THOUGHT I'D TAKE A WALK.
REMEMBER THE LAST TIME
WE WERE UP THIS LATE TOGETHER?
THE NIGHT
WE BURIED ALEJANDRO.
GOD, IF WE COULD
ONLY GO BACK.
(exhales deeply)
HEY.
YOU HAVING TROUBLE SLEEPING,
TOO?
NO, I WOKE UP
TO GET SOME WATER,
AND I SAW YOU
FROM THE WINDOW.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING UP?
WE CAN'T SLEEP
BECAUSE OUR FRIEND
IS GOING ON TRIAL
TOMORROW MORNING FOR MURDER.
OH, RELAX. BREE'S INNOCENT.
THE JURY'S GONNA SEE THAT.
JURIES MAKE MISTAKES.
(sighs) WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT DOESN'T HELP BREE
FOR US TO BE NEGATIVE
RIGHT NOW.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I WAS THINKING
WE SHOULD DO TO HELP HER?
GO TO THE JUDGE
AND TELL HER THE TRUTH.
I WAS THINKING
THE EXACT SAME THING.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WHAT, IT NEVER EVEN
CROSSED YOUR MIND?
WELL, WE HAVE A PLAN IN PLACE,
AND IF WE JUST HOLD ON
A LITTLE LONGER,
EVERYTHING WILL BE BACK
TO NORMAL.
AND WHAT IF BREE
IS CONVICTED, HUH?
WHAT ARE WE
GONNA DO THEN?
I DON'T KNOW.
CLEARLY.
DO YOU EVEN CARE?
LYNETTE!
OKAY. IT'S LATE.
(sighs) WELL, LET'S JUST
TALK ABOUT IT TOMORROW.
WELL, I DON'T GET THIS.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS MAD AT ME?
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT HAVING
ANY TROUBLE SLEEPING.
(knock on door)
(Trip) DON'T FREAK OUT.
IT'S JUST ME.
TRIP, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
IT'S THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT.
I HAD A FEELING
YOU MIGHT BE UP.
(sighs)
DO WE NEED TO DISCUSS
MY CASE?
NOPE. JUST THE OPPOSITE.
DOUGHNUTS...
"CASABLANCA."
THAT'S ONE
OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES.
YOURS, TOO?
NEVER SEEN IT.
I'M, UH, MORE A "CADDYSHACK"
KIND OF GUY.
BUT I HAD A FEELING
ABOUT YOU.
UM, MAY I?
SURE.
HERE.
MY TRIAL STARTS
IN SIX HOURS.
IS THIS REALLY
WHAT WE SHOULD BE DOING?
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT SPORTS?
NO MORE THAN I HAVE TO.
THIS IS JUST LIKE
GOING TO THE CHAMPIONSHIPS.
YOU PRACTICE YOUR ASS OFF
TO GET THERE,
BUT THE NIGHT
BEFORE THE BIG GAME,
YOU JUST FORGET ABOUT IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M GOING THROUGH THIS.
BUT IF I HAVE TO...
I GUESS WHAT I'M SAYING IS,
OF ALL THE GIN JOINTS
IN ALL THE TOWNS
IN ALL THE WORLD,
I'M GLAD YOU WALKED
INTO MINE.
AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
START THE MOVIE.
THANK YOU.
(indistinct conversations)
(gavel bangs)
IN THE MATTER OF
PEOPLE vs. BREE VAN DE KAMP,
WE ARE HERE
FOR OPENING STATEMENTS.
MS. STONE, YOU MAY PROCEED.
HOW WELL DO WE REALLY KNOW
OUR FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS?
THEY BORROW OUR LAWN MOWERS,
SIT WITH US IN P.T.A. MEETINGS,
BRING US TUNA CASSEROLES.
BUT AS THIS CASE
WILL DEMONSTRATE,
THEY ALSO HAVE SECRETS--
SECRETS THEY KEEP
FROM THEIR NEIGHBORS,
SECRETS THAT CAN POISON
A PLACE LIKE WISTERIA LANE.
(Trip) MS. STONE WONDERS
HOW WELL WE KNOW OUR NEIGHBORS.
WELL, IN THIS CASE,
AS IT TURNS OUT,
PRETTY DARN WELL.
BREEN VAN DE KAMP'S FRIENDS
WILL TELL YOU
THAT SHE IS A WOMAN OF HONESTY,
INTEGRITY, AND COMPASSION.
(Ms. Stone) BREE VAN DE KAMP
IS AN ALCOHOLIC,
A WOMAN OF LOOSE MORALS.
SHE WOULD PICK UP STRANGE MEN
IN BARS,
HAVE SEX WITH THEM,
FREQUENTLY WAKING UP
WITH NO RECOLLECTION
OF WHAT HAPPENED.
IF PICKING UP PEOPLE IN BARS
IS A CRIME,
THERE MIGHT BE A CRIMINAL OR TWO
IN THIS VERY COURTROOM.
(jury chuckles)
THE DEFENDANT LURED
RAMON SANCHEZ INTO HER HOUSE,
SEDUCED HIM,
AND BLUDGEONED HIM.
THERE IS NO CONNECTION
WHATSOEVER
BETWEEN MY CLIENT
AND MR. SANCHEZ.
AND WHILE IT ISN'T AGAINST
THE LAW TO SLEEP WITH ANY MAN
WHO'D BUY YOU A MARTINI,
IT IS ILLEGAL TO KILL THEM.
(Trip) HAS BREE MADE
SOME QUESTIONABLE CHOICES? YES.
DOES THAT MAKE HER A KILLER?
NO.
IT MAKES HER HUMAN...
LIKE THE REST OF US.
THIS IS A CASE ABOUT A WOMAN
WHO LED A SECRET LIFE,
BUT HERE'S THE THING
ABOUT SECRETS.
LIKE BODIES,
THEY DON'T ALWAYS STAY BURIED.
WELCOME TO BIG TOP BURGER.
HI. I'M LOOKING
FOR PORTER SCAVO.
IS HE DONE YET?
NO, PORTER'S WORKING
THE DRIVE-THRU.
(bags rustle)
OH. I THOUGHT HE WAS ONLY
WORKING TILL 1:00.
WELL, I HEARD HIM SAY
HE'D COVER THE AFTERNOON SHIFT,
SO THAT'S TILL 6:00.
NOW CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT?
NO, I THINK I'LL GET
SOMETHING TO GO.
(Porter) Welcome to
Big Top Burger. Can I help you?
I'VE GOT A BETTER IDEA.
HOW ABOUT YOU HELP
THE MOTHER OF YOUR CHILD?
Mrs. Delfino?
DEAR GOD.
IS THERE ANOTHER PERSON
WHO COULD SAY
WHAT I JUST SAID TO YOU?
No, of course not.
PORTER,
WHY ARE YOU MAKING JULIE
DO ALL OF THIS STUFF
WITHOUT YOU?
I'm busting my butt
trying to make money
for her and the baby.
I'm working three jobs.
WELL, THEN TELL HER THAT.
SHE'S WORRIED THAT YOU'RE LOSING
INTEREST IN BEING A DAD. OH.
(horn honk)
I'M TALKING TO THE CLOWN!
SHUT UP!
Can you please pull up
to the window?
(sighs)
(shifts gears)
(sighs) LOOK, MRS. DELFINO,
I BARELY GRADUATED
HIGH SCHOOL,
I DITCHED COLLEGE,
AND THIS IS ABOUT AS MUCH
AS MY BABY'S DADDY
IS GONNA ACHIEVE.
YOU CAN ALWAYS GO BACK
TO COLLEGE.
WHEN?
EVERYBODY SAYS HOW EXPENSIVE
IT IS TO HAVE A KID.
WITH THE CRAP MONEY I MAKE,
I'LL BE WORKING ALL THE TIME.
LOOK, I GET IT.
IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT FOR JULIE
TO DO THIS WITHOUT YOU.
I TOTALLY AGREE.
JULIE'S GIVEN UP SO MUCH
SO I CAN BE
IN THIS KID'S LIFE.
BUT I'M STARTING TO REALIZE...
THAT WAS A BAD TRADE FOR HER.
LOOK AT HER,
A REGULAR BLACK WIDOW.
IT SAYS HERE SHE SLEPT WITH
15 GUYS IN A 2-MONTH PERIOD.
AND SHE WAS DRUNK
THE WHOLE TIME.
SOUNDS LIKE COLLEGE.
(laughs)
EXCUSE ME. BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW THIS WOMAN?
ACTUALLY, A FRIEND OF MINE
USED HER TO CATER A PARTY ONCE.
SAID SHE HAD SHIFTY EYES.
THEY DO LOOK PRETTY SHIFTY.
W-WELL, I DO KNOW HER,
AND SHE'S INNOCENT.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK
THE POLICE GO AROUND
ARRESTING INNOCENT PEOPLE.
SHE MUST HAVE DONE SOMETHING.
OH, SO YOU GUYS READ
ONE ARTICLE,
AND JUST LIKE THAT,
SHE'S GUILTY?
IT'S NOT JUST US. EVERYONE SAYS
SHE KILLED THE GUY.
SHE'S THE LAST PERSON IN THIS
WORLD WHO WOULD KILL SOMEBODY.
SHE'S A FRIEND
AND A MOTHER
AND PROBABLY THE MOST
DECENT PERSON I KNOW.
AND SHE WOULD DIE
IF SHE KNEW
HOW PEOPLE
ARE TALKING ABOUT HER.
WELL, SHE BETTER GET USED
TO IT.
IF I'M A JUROR, SHE'S GOING AWAY
FOR A LONG, LONG TIME.
(both inhale deeply)
AND WITH EVERY EXHALE,
THE TENSION
IS BEING BLOWN OUT,
AND EVERY INHALE
BRINGS IN POSITIVE ENERGY.
(exhales deeply)
NOW YOU'RE IMAGINING
A PEACEFUL SCENE--
THAT BEAUTIFUL LAWN
BY THE SCIENCE BUILDING
AT YOUR COLLEGE.
AND YOU'RE WALKING
TOWARDS THE CHEMISTRY LAB
TO FINISH THE RESEARCH
FOR YOUR DISSERTATION.
AND NOW ON THAT SAME LAWN,
A GRADUATION CEREMONY
IN WHICH YOU ARE FINALLY
RECEIVING YOUR PhD.
MOM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THE OTHER DAY, YOU WERE
TALKING ABOUT A MURDER TRIAL,
AND NOW YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
STUFF THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN.
I THINK IT WILL.
HOW?
BECAUSE I AM GOING
TO MOVE BACK UP THERE WITH YOU
AND HELP RAISE THE BABY.
WHAT?
I'M GONNA SELL THIS HOUSE,
AND M.J. AND I
ARE GOING WITH YOU
SO YOU CAN FINISH YOUR DEGREE.
BUT... WHAT ABOUT PORTER?
WELL, THERE WILL ALWAYS BE
A PLACE FOR HIM
IN HIS CHILD'S LIFE,
BUT PORTER NEEDS TO FIND
HIS OWN LIFE RIGHT NOW.
NO. I CAN'T LET YOU DO THIS.
YOU LOVE THE LANE.
OH, I DO, BUT NOWHERE NEAR
AS MUCH AS I LOVE YOU.
AND BESIDES...
(sighs) I THINK
IT'LL BE GOOD FOR ME, TOO.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, I TOLD YOU, HONEY.
THERE ARE MEMORIES HERE
THAT ARE JUST TOO HARD
TO LIVE WITH EVERY DAY.
MOM...
THIS WOULD BE AWESOME.
BUT... ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANNA DO THIS?
I'M SURE.
(chuckles)
OH.
OKAY. LAY BACK DOWN.
AS MIKE USED TO SAY,
WE GOTTA PRACTICE
BIRTHING A BABY.
(chuckles)
(both exhale deeply)
YOU ARE GONNA LOVE IT THERE,
McGUINNESS.
AND HEY, IF YOU DON'T,
IT'S ONLY A YEAR.
I'LL GIVE YOU MY
"INDIA ON 50 RUPEES A DAY" BOOK.
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE,
LET'S GET STARTED.
THANKS AGAIN. I AM SO GLAD
TO BE STAYING HERE.
YEAH, WELL, THANK YOUR EX-WIFE.
SHE'S THE ONE WHO CONVINCED ME.
REALLY? LYNETTE DID THAT?
YEAH. (chuckles)
REAL PIECE OF WORK, THAT ONE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU PUT UP
WITH IT.
(chuckles) I'M SORRY. UM...
AREN'T YOU GUYS DATING?
NO. SHE DUMPED ME.
APPARENTLY, SHE'S HUNG UP
ON SOME OTHER GUY.
I'M SURPRISED
YOU DIDN'T WANNA GO TO MUMBAI
JUST TO GET AWAY
FROM HER CRAP.
(both chuckle)
I KNOW. SHE CAN BE, UH,
A BIT OF A HANDFUL.
OH, YEAH, THAT'S WHY
YOU DUMPED HER,
'CAUSE SHE'S A "HANDFUL."
(both chuckle)
I'M TELLING YOU, GUYS,
23 YEARS LIVING
WITH THAT PSYCHO--
HE'S EITHER A SAINT
OR A MASOCHIST.
(laughter)
OKAY. OKAY. (chuckles)
LET'S--LET'S START THE MEETING.
OH, SERIOUSLY. I BARELY
SURVIVED ONE WEEK
WITH THAT BALL-BUSTER.
GREGG, I'M ASKING YOU,
DROP IT.
I'M JUST SAYING LYNETTE
IS A FIRST CLASS BITCH.
UHH!
(both) OH.
WELL, I HOPE THAT WAS
WORTH IT,
'CAUSE YOU'RE FIRED.
OKAY, MR. WESTON,
IS THE DEFENSE READY TO CALL
ITS FIRST WITNESS?
WE ARE, YOUR HONOR.
THE DEFENSE CALLS SUSAN DELFINO.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN
MY CLIENT?
NEARLY 20 YEARS.
SO IT'S FAIR TO SAY
YOU KNOW EACH OTHER WELL?
WE'RE LIKE SISTERS.
SHE'S THE MOST HONEST PERSON
I'VE EVER MET.
CAN YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED
ON THE NIGHT IN QUESTION?
IT WAS
A PROGRESSIVE DINNER PARTY.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T GET OUT MUCH.
WHAT IS
A PROGRESSIVE DINNER PARTY?
THE WHOLE STREET THROWS IT.
EVERY HOUSE IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR A SPECIFIC COURSE.
OH, SOUNDS LIKE FUN.
UNLESS YOU DON'T KNOW HOW
TO COOK.
THEY SKIPPED MY HOUSE
THAT NIGHT.
NOW AS YOU TRAVELED
FROM HOUSE TO HOUSE,
WERE YOU WITH BREE
THE WHOLE TIME?
NO.
REALLY?
WHERE DID SHE GO?
SHE LEFT MY HOUSE
TO GO CHECK ON HER ENTREE.
WOULDN'T THAT HAVE GIVEN HER
TIME TO KILL MR. SANCHEZ?
OR HAVE SEX WITH HER BOYFRIEND
WHILE THE CHICKEN BURNED,
WHICH IS WHAT SHE WAS DOING
WHEN THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD
WALKED IN ON HER.
I IMAGINE THAT MUST HAVE
BEEN AWKWARD.
CLEARLY, YOU HAVEN'T SPENT
MUCH TIME ON MY STREET.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENED?
THE PARTY FINISHED
AT MY HOUSE,
AND THEN SUSAN, LYNETTE,
AND BREE STAYED LATE
TO HELP ME CLEAN UP.
HOW LATE?
AROUND 2:00 IN THE MORNING.
AND THE CORONER'S REPORT
SAID THAT THE TIME OF DEATH
WAS BETWEEN 10:00 P.M.
AND MIDNIGHT. INTERESTING.
SO THERE'S NO POSSIBLE WAY
THAT BREE COULD HAVE KILLED
RAMON SANCHEZ THAT NIGHT?
NO WAY.
BREE COULDN'T HURT A FLY.
THE ONLY THING SHE KILLED
THAT NIGHT WAS THE CHICKEN.
NO. AS GOD AS MY WITNESS,
BREE DID NOT KILL HIM.
THAT'S IT FROM THE CAR.
MY ASSISTANT'S GONNA PACK UP
THE REST OF IT.
SECURITY'S BEEN TOLD NOT
TO LET ME BACK IN THE BUILDING.
I SWEAR, TOM,
I AM TRYING TO BE SUPPORTIVE,
BUT I'M HAVING A HARD TIME
FOLLOWING THIS.
WHY WOULD YOU HIT YOUR BOSS?
I JUST... NEVER LIKED HIM.
SO? THERE'S LOTS OF PEOPLE
YOU DON'T LIKE.
MR. INDICH IN 3F, WHO NEVER
PICKS UP AFTER HIS DOG--
I CAN'T EVEN GET YOU TO WRITE
AN ANGRY NOTE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I LOST MY TEMPER.
BECAUSE HE WAS
GOING TO TRANSFER YOU?
NO. (sighs)
(frame clatters)
BECAUSE HE WAS
DATING LYNETTE.
OH, MY GOD.
ARE YOU STILL IN LOVE
WITH HER?
JANE, LOOK, YOU HAVE
TO UNDERSTAND. LYNETTE HAS--
BEEN A PART OF YOUR LIFE
FOR 23 YEARS. I KNOW.
SHE'S THE MOTHER
OF YOUR CHILDREN.
I GET IT. YOU'VE GIVEN ME
THIS SPEECH A HUNDRED TIMES.
NOW ANSWER THE QUESTION.
DO YOU STILL LOVE HER?
YES.
(whispers) WOW.
AND I WAS, WHAT?
SOME... WALL YOU BUILT TO TRY
AND HIDE THAT FROM YOURSELF?
NO.
YOU WERE THE WOMAN
WHO WAS THERE FOR ME
WHEN I WAS BROKEN
AND CONFUSED,
AND I-I STILL CARE ABOUT YOU
VERY MUCH.
NO.
TOM, YOU DON'T GET TO BREAK
SOMEBODY'S HEART
AND STILL SAY YOU CARE
ABOUT THEM.
IF IT MATTERS...
I LOVED YOU.
(door opens and closes)
SO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS MAN
AS WELL?
YES. I SLEPT WITH HIM, TOO.
I CAN IMAGINE HOW PAINFUL
THIS IS,
HAVING TO PUBLICLY ACKNOWLEDGE
LIAISONS WITH ALL THESE MEN.
NO. YOU CAN'T.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO TESTIFY.
WHY DID YOU SUBJECT YOURSELF
TO THIS?
BECAUSE I ADMIT
MY TRANSGRESSIONS.
WAS KILLING RAMON SANCHEZ
ONE OF THEM?
NO. ABSOLUTELY NOT.
THAT SEEMED VERY HEARTFELT.
SO YOUR CONSCIENCE IS CLEAR?
YES. IT IS.
YOUR HONOR, I'D LIKE
TO ENTER INTO EVIDENCE
PROSECUTION EXHIBIT 24.
OBJECTION. WE HAVEN'T SEEN THIS.
THEY CAN'T BLINDSIDE US--
THIS JUST CAME INTO
OUR POSSESSION LAST NIGHT.
IT REBUTS
MS. VAN DE KAMP'S TESTIMONY
REGARDING
HER CLEAR CONSCIENCE.
I'LL ALLOW IT.
DOES THIS LETTER
LOOK FAMILIAR?
YES. I WROTE IT.
IT'S A SUICIDE NOTE,
ISN'T IT?
YES.
THIS LETTER WAS DISCOVERED
ON MAY 7th AT THE FROST HOTEL,
WHERE MS. VAN DE KAMP
HAD TAKEN A ROOM.
THE MANAGER HEARD SHOUTING,
INCLUDING A REFERENCE
TO "A GUN."
POLICE WERE SUMMONED,
BUT MS. VAN DE KAMP WAS GONE.
THIS WAS FOUND
IN THE WASTEBASKET.
PROCEED, MS. STONE.
DO YOU RECALL ANYTHING ELSE
OF SIGNIFICANCE
OCCURRING ON MAY 7th?
NO.
THAT'S THE DAY YOUR BOYFRIEND,
CHUCK VANCE,
A DECORATED
FAIRVIEW POLICE DETECTIVE,
WAS KILLED IN A HIT AND RUN
ACCIDENT, WASN'T IT?
OBJECTION.
MY CLIENT ISN'T ON TRIAL
FOR KILLING DETECTIVE VANCE.
NOT YET.
YOUR HONOR--
WITHDRAWN.
PLEASE. READ THE LETTER.
"I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD FEEL
SUCH... REMORSE, SUCH GUILT."
YOUR HONOR, IF WE COULD TAKE
A SHORT RECESS...
DENIED.
(voice breaking)
"NO ONE KNOWS WHO I REALLY AM.
"I'M ENTIRELY ALONE.
"LIVING WITH THIS SECRET
IS TOO PAINFUL.
I CAN'T GO ON."
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
A CLEAR CONSCIENCE, DOES IT,
MS VAN DE KAMP?
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
BREE.
PLEASE, I JUST NEED
TO BE ALONE.
NOT UNTIL YOU TELL ME
WHAT THAT WAS ABOUT.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU.
I WAS IN A VERY DARK PLACE,
WITH THE DRINKING
AND MY FRIENDS
ABANDONING ME.
BUT I DID NOT KILL ANYONE.
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
I DO BELIEVE YOU.
I JUST...
HOPE THE JURY DOES.
COME ON. YOU DON'T KNOW
THAT IT'S YOUR FAULT.
PLEASE, TOM LOSES HIS JOB
THE DAY AFTER I DUMP HIS BOSS?
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOME CONNECTION,
AND THE WORST PART IS
THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT BROKE US UP
IN THE FIRST PLACE--
ME TRYING TO CONTROL
HIS LIFE.
(laughs)
YOU REALLY SUCK
AT THIS GAY FRIEND THING.
(laughs) I'M SORRY.
I CAN'T TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY
IN THAT DRESS.
YOU LOOK LIKE
A GIANT TAFFETA BRUISE.
I KNOW. IT IS HORRIBLE.
MAYBE IF I ACCESSORIZE.
UNLESS THE ACCESSORIES ARE
TWO HANDS OVER YOUR EYES,
FORGET IT. WHY DON'T YOU JUST
TELL RENEE YOU HATE THE DRESS?
BECAUSE SHE'LL PICK ANOTHER ONE,
AND I'LL HATE THAT ONE, TOO.
IT'S WHAT I DO.
I DID IT TO TOM
ALL THE TIME.
(shoe clatters)
I DIDN'T WANT HIM
TO GO TO SCHOOL,
AND THEN I DIDN'T WANT HIM
TO QUIT.
I WANTED HIM TO GET
A NEW JOB,
AND THEN I HATED IT.
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE I WASN'T UNHAPPY
WITH TOM.
MAYBE I WAS JUST...
UNHAPPY.
WELL...
AT LEAST WE KNOW YOU WERE
RIGHT ABOUT THAT DRESS.
(scoffs)
NOW TURN AROUND,
LET ME GET YOU OUT OF IT.
(glass clatters)
SERIOUSLY?
WE'RE THIS CLOSE?
WHEN I TELL
THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD ABOUT IT,
I WILL BE KIND.
(chuckles)
YOU'RE A GOOD FRIEND, LEE.
(Juanita)
CELIA, GIVE ME THE REMOTE!
(Celia) NO! STOP!
GIVE IT!
GIRLS, DON'T MAKE ME
COME IN THERE!
IT'S MY TURN!
IT'S NOT!
AAH!
(object shatters)
(knife clatters)
WHO DID THIS?
CELIA.
IS THAT TRUE, CELIA?
THIS BELONGED
TO MY GRANDMOTHER.
YOU ARE IN BIG TROUBLE,
YOUNG LADY.
SWEEP UP THE REST,
AND GO TO YOUR ROOM.
IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
SHE PUSHED ME INTO IT.
YOU PUSHED HER?
SHE WOULDN'T GIVE ME
THE REMOTE,
AND IT WAS MY TURN
TO PICK WHAT WE WATCH.
SO YOU BROKE THIS.
IT WAS MY TURN.
JUANITA SOLIS, YOU WERE GONNA
LET YOUR SISTER TAKE THE BLAME
FOR SOMETHING YOU CAUSED?
THAT IS HORRIBLE!
THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
OWN UP TO IT.
DON'T YOU SEE HOW BAD--
MOM? I'M SORRY.
MOMMY?
IT'S OKAY.
GO WASH UP FOR DINNER.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF THIS.
(sighs)
AND THE FRACTURE FOUND
ON THE VICTIM'S HEAD
IS CONSISTENT
WITH A BLUNT FORCE INJURY.
(Ms. Stone)
A BLUNT FORCE THAT SOMEONE
OF MS. VAN DE KAMP'S SIZE
WOULD BE CAPABLE OF INFLICTING?
IN MY OPINION.
YOUR HONOR, THE DEFENSE ASKS
THE COURT FOR A RECESS.
HOW DID YOU FIND THAT?
WHEN GABY MENTIONED
HER "GARDENER," ALEJANDRO,
MY ALARM BELLS WENT OFF.
I HAD LINDSAY DO
A LITTLE INVESTIGATING.
OH.
"OH"?
WE'RE HALFWAY THROUGH
YOUR MURDER TRIAL,
AND I FIND OUT THE VICTIM
IS GABY'S STEPFATHER,
AND ALL YOU CAN SAY IS "OH"?
I'M SORRY.
I WANTED TO TELL YOU,
BUT WE MADE A PACT.
WHO DID?
YOU AND GABY?
ME AND GABY AND...
OTHER PEOPLE--
PEOPLE THAT I CARE ABOUT.
(scoffs) YOU CARE ABOUT THEM
ENOUGH TO LIE FOR THEM?
TO COMMIT PERJURY?
HOW ABOUT ENOUGH
TO GO TO JAIL?
YOU DON'T ACTUALLY THINK
THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN, DO YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
AFTER THE D.A.'s
SUICIDE NOTE STUNT,
IT'S POSSIBLE.
TO THE JURY, YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE HIDING SOMETHING,
AND THE FACT IS,
YOU ARE.
LOOK, I JUST--I JUST--
I WANNA WIN THIS CASE
FOR YOU, OKAY?
AND IF THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT CAN EXONERATE YOU,
IT CAN, BUT NOT WITHOUT
BETRAYING MY FRIENDS.
BREE...
YOU'RE FACING 20 YEARS
TO LIFE.
THIS COULD BE
YOUR ONLY WAY OUT.
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT GABY.
(Mary Alice) YES, RECENT EVENTS
IN THE LIVES OF MY FRIENDS
HAD STIRRED UP
INTENSE EMOTIONS...
EXCITEMENT
ABOUT STARTING A NEW CHAPTER...
GUILT
OVER CAUSING ANOTHER'S PAIN...
DISAPPOINTMENT
IN A FAILURE TO CHANGE.
THEN THERE ARE THOSE
WHO ARE ASKED
TO PUT ALL EMOTION ASIDE
IN ORDER TO MAKE
A COLDHEARTED DECISION.
GABY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I FINALLY FOUND
THE PERFECT SCARF.
IT'S... ELEGANT.
IT'S DIGNIFIED.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S YOU.
YOU ARE SO SWEET.
YOU DIDN'T NEED
TO DO THIS.
YES, I DID.
I HAVEN'T TRULY THANKED YOU
FOR WHAT YOU'RE DOING,
THE WAY YOU'RE SACRIFICING
YOURSELF FOR ME AND MY FAMILY.
YOU'RE JUST A MUCH BETTER PERSON
THAN I COULD EVER HOPE TO BE.
(whispers) OH, GABY.